==Version 1.4==
June 16, 2007

  * more bug fixes (selecting across daylight savings time causing js error.  Sometimes clicking a day of the next month after selecting day 31 of the previous month was causing 2 months later to be selected)
  
  * CSS improvements and refactoring

  * form builder methods now automatically detect whether or not to use a Time field

  * a bit more optimization

  * refactored date formatter methods and others so they can be more easily overridden.

==Version 1.3==
June 8, 2007

  * a few bug fixes

  * Modified the helper methods to allow passing of virtually any JavaScript argument into the JavaScript control.

==Version 1.2==
June 4, 2007

  * Big optimizations to the redrawing of the calendar.  Now, previous/next buttons much more responsive.

  * Improved feel of pop-up dialog - when somewhere else clicked on the screen other than the popup calendar, popup calendar will automatically close.

  * If the popup window won't fit on the screen underneath the control, will automatically position to the top.


==Version 1.1==
June 2, 2007

  * There was a very strange bug that crept in for Internet Explorer.  Internet Explorer does not allow you to set the innerHTML property for "button" elements.  Therefore, it was necessary to change "but in" elements to "input" elements of type button.

  * There was a change to the CSS file.  Anything applying styles to "button" elements has been changed to "input.button".  If you have a custom stylesheet, update accordingly.

==Version 1.0==
June 1, 2007

  * Initial release!